I said, you never really understand,
From now on, we part ways,
Good so-called person.
I, promise, dare not walk away from my farm, must.
Well, this one is not based on agricultural products.
Originally I didn't expect you to be in a hurry, but there are a lot of things in the information that I don't want to worry about.
So I'll hold off for a moment.
My family is very agricultural.
Of course, after that, it was very easy for the Zhou family to turn on the phone,
I just buy agricultural products, don’t say yes, this god,
Can't tell here.
Listening to electronics is no longer a priority
So it must be said that we will be Miss Special Evil
For example
I made it for you myself
Because it’s just you who come here and you figure it out
I can only let Meng Meng understand what I am doing when I go back.
The test of three people
Emotions that are neither cosmic nor come up
Want to eat
Since I promised you
I won’t try it either
And this thing
But everyone is facing my wish
I didn’t hear that it wasn’t you who was responsible for the performance
Do I still want to be a family member of this family?
Not qualified yet
Use mid-price qualifications
Just let it go
so application ms.
Since I promised you
Nor can I eat
I will put my name on the recruitment list in three days.
I'll see you again in three days.